---
layout:
  title:
    visible: true
  description:
    visible: false
  tableOfContents:
    visible: true
  outline:
    visible: true
  pagination:
    visible: true
---

# Repositories



<table><thead><tr><th width="293">Repository</th><th>Contents</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><a href="https://github.com/OpenG2P/openg2p-g2p-bridge.git">openg2p-g2p-bridge</a></td><td>This repository has 5 python modules<br><br><mark style="color:orange;"><strong>openg2p-g2p-bridge-api</strong></mark><br>This is fastapi based module - that provides all REST APIs for the g2p-bridge subsystem. This module should be deployed as a k8s pod and should be scaled suitably to handle required volumes.<br><br><mark style="color:orange;"><strong>openg2p-g2p-bridge-celery-beat-producers</strong></mark><br>This uses Celery and produces periodic Celery beats. This module should be deployed as a k8s pod - but should be restricted to only a single pod. The volumes should be handled by scaling the next pod - openg2p-g2p-bridge-celery-workers<br><br><mark style="color:orange;"><strong>openg2p-g2p-bridge-celery-workers</strong></mark><br>This uses Celery and spawns workers that listen to the beats produced by the celery beat producer. The following workers exist<br>1. check available balance with sponsor bank<br>2. block funds with sponsor bank<br>3. initiate payments with sponsor bank<br>4. reconcile disbursements with mt940<br>This module is a service and should be deployed as a k8s pod and should be scaled suitably to handle the required volumes.<br><br><mark style="color:orange;"><strong>openg2p-g2p-bridge-bank-connectors</strong></mark><br>This module is a library (not a service/pod). This library contains the interface definition to connect to a sponsor bank &#x26; the sponsor bank specific implementations of the interface. <br><br><mark style="color:orange;"><strong>openg2p-g2p-bridge-models</strong></mark><br>This module is a library (not a service/pod). This library contains the sqlalchemy (persistence) models and pydantic schemas that are shared by the api, the celery beat producer and the celery worker modules.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="https://github.com/OpenG2P/openg2p-g2p-bridge-deployment.git">openg2p-g2p-bridge-deployment</a></td><td>Helm charts and deployment scripts for the g2p-bridge subsystem. <br><br>This repository contains the Helm charts for the 3 services,  viz. g2p-bridge-api, g2p-bridge-celery-beat-producers and g2p-bridge-celery-workers.<br><br>Apart from the individual helm charts, there is also a single helm chart - openg2p-g2p-bridge - that installs all the 3 services.</td></tr><tr><td>openg2p-g2p-bridge-example-bank</td><td>This repository provides an implementation of a Sponsor Bank. This repository will not be used in a Production Deployment. This only simulates a Sponsor Bank so that we can demonstrate end to end working of the g2p-bridge subsystem.<br><br>This repository has 3 python modules<br><br><mark style="color:orange;"><strong>openg2p-g2p-bridge-example-bank-api</strong></mark><br>This is python module built using fastapi. It provides REST APIs of a fictitous bank - called - "Example Bank". It provides REST APIs for checking available balance, blocking funds and initiating payments.<br><br><mark style="color:orange;"><strong>openg2p-g2p-bridge-example-bank-celery</strong></mark><br>This is a python module that uses Celery to perform all the asynchronous processing - viz. processing payments and producing MT940 statements based on statement requests.<br><br><mark style="color:orange;"><strong>openg2p-g2p-bridge-example-bank-models</strong></mark><br>This module is a library (not a service/pod). This library contains the sqlalchemy (persistence) models and pydantic schemas that are shared by the api and the celery modules.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>
